---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: 'My first post to this crazy internet world! '
datePublished: '2015-11-19T00:07:46.614Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-19T00:07:05.352Z'
title: 'Hello!! '
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-19-hello.md
published: true
url: hello/index.html
_type: Article

---
Hello internet! I am excited to finally have my own website as a place to share not only my personal experiences but business ventures. I want to first introduce a little about myself. 

I was born in the great state of Oregon back in 1989 and spent my early childhood days in the town of Redmond. I was fortunite to have all my closest family live within 30 miles of each other and couldn't of asked for a better way to grow and learn. At the age of 12 my family and I moved to Corsicana Texas where we resided for a year. I spent my Freshman year of High School their before moving to where I now call home, Cookeville TN. 

Growing up I was your average boy that loved sports, video games, and most of all neighborhood friends. I am an only child, so imagination was key! Golf was my main sport and is still a passion of mine today, althought I don't get to play as often as I would like. I made my way to the Varsity squad all four years of High School and helped lead both state high schools to regionals, missing state by only a few strokes. 

As I landed my first job at a local Laser Tag facility I found a new love of mine, business. I was promoted to managment after only a few months and helped grow and understand the ins and outs of running a business withthe owner, who has become a great mentor and friend over the year